Chrome Automation (Mon, July 7; #5 overall) MCP Server by @hangwin
→ This MCP server has taken the MCP community by storm, snagging a #5 overall spot in usage. It lets you connect an MCP client like Claude Desktop to your existing Chrome browser. So unlike Playwright, it doesn't just spin up an isolated instance of Chrome. You can use this with whatever accounts you're already logged into. While we don't think it is practical to use for typical browser sessions, it could be an extremely useful alternative to Playwright for app testing, providing a stopgap workflow for some hard-to-use website without an MCP server, or doing dev workflows like inspecting Chrome network requests while debugging or building software.

Headless Terminal (Fri, July 11) MCP Server by Memex
→ Enable your MCP client to run interactive terminal commands. In a world where terminal UI's like Claude Code and Gemini CLI are taking development by the storm, a common meta-need you'll run into is the desire to get your client to see what you're seeing. One of our favorite MCP use cases is to use an MCP server like Playwright to fire up a browser and assess whether a code change had the desired impact on your app. This MCP server from Memex gives you the same capability, except for terminal UI's. Even if you're not engineering a TUI yourself, you can use this for a situation like, "Claude Code, please start another instance of Claude Code and assess why your Hooks configuration isn't working properly."

Director (Mon, July 14) official MCP Client
→ "Unify your MCP usage" gateway solutions have been launching regularly, but this one stands out for its polish and thoughtful vision. Use it today to solve the MCP server configuration hell you might be going through, jumping across apps. And we hope to see the team evolve this solution to being something that straddles the line between allowing MCP clients to manage client-specific MCP configs themselves, but carve out the cross-cutting configs like auth and API keys in a single place.

Drop-in MCP OAuth by Scalekit
→ The Scalekit team has been hard at work delivering an auth solution for MCP server builders that is easy to drop-in: use it to easily integrate auth into your remote MCP server, without having to replace your IdP (you can keep Auth0, Firebase, etc. around). Scalekit is delivering "managed MCP auth" here at the bleeding edge of the MCP spec, so you can rely on them to be an abstraction layer over the more established IdPs whose bare infrastructure would require you to roll (and maintain) more of your own MCP-compliant code. Hear more about them on a recent episode of The Context.